QUACKGUI:

 -  Model support (LAST PRIORITY, SHIT LOOKS HARD YO)

 -  Total invisibility from Partial Invisibility pickup, complete with Quake III announcer

 -  Compile changelist from original Quake.

 -  Proper gib death

 -  A new weapon I. Preferably one that uses Cell as ammo.


NON-QUAKE:
 -  Is it possible to play a different sound effect when picking up dropped shotguns/chainguns?

 -  "The Security Officer don't get any ammo from Chainguns, dropped or placed. Dropped shotguns works, as well dropped ammo cases by zombies."
 '--- "The same also goes for any weapon pickup equivalent to slots 1, 3, 5, 6, and 7. The assault rifle and missile launcher, unlike the other weapons, get both their magazines refilled when a weapon of the same slot gets picked up (50 rounds added to the assault rifles' bullet magazine with each pickup)."

CHANGES FROM QUAKE:
 -  Quake had such a lower damage scale than Doom it wasn't even funny. The Vore had 400 HP, equivalent to two Centaurs. In co-op, his weapons have been buffed the fuck out.

 -  The Quad Damage is now a reuseable item, partly to help with the aforementioned damage issues, and partly because there was no appropriate item to replace it with. (Berserks didn't work--too rare, too erratically placed, not to mention should be more utility)

 -  The Double-Barreled Shotgun uses only one shell instead of two due to the aforementioned much lower damage radio.

 -  In Quake, the projectiles had no hitbox. Here, their hitbox is simply obscenely tiny--about 1/0.

 -  Gravity has been ever-so-slightly reduced so as to simulate Quake's strange air physics.

 -  The nails and rockets originally travelled at the same speed. Here, Nails have been increased to speed 75.

 -  Lava Nails, Multi-Grenades, and Multi-Rockets were handled a bit differently. There were no alt-fires, much less that swapped between weapons, and the ammo pickups were separate.

 -  The Double Barreled Shotgun's and Nailgun's animations are slightly smoother.

 -  The Shotgun and Double-Barreled Shotgun's damages are random by 1d3, while Quake's damage values were completely static. Turns out people are getting upset for using fake bullets. Whoops.